Update conversion sequences and describe ranks (#168)
microsoft/hlsl-specs: specs/language/conversions.tex

\p A glvalue of type \texttt{vector<T,x>} can be converted to a cxvalue of type
\texttt{vector<T,y>}, or a prvalue of type \texttt{vector<T,x>} can be converted
to a prvalue of type \texttt{vector<T,y>} only if \( y < x \). The resulting

> value is comprised of elements \( [0..y) \), dropping trailing elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value is comprised of elements \( [0..y) \), dropping elements [y+1..x).
```
Would this be more precise than using words?

\p A glvalue of type \texttt{matrix<T,x,y>} can be converted to a cxvalue of type
\texttt{matrix<T,z,w>}, or a prvalue of type \texttt{matrix<T,x,y>} can be
converted to a prvalue of type \texttt{matrix<T,z,w>} only if \( x \leq z \)
and \(y \leq w \). Matrix truncation is performed on each row and column

> dimension separately. The resulting value is comprised of vectors \( [0..x) \)
> which are each separately comprised of elements \( [0..y) \). Trailing vectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dimension separately. The resulting value is comprised of vectors \( [0..z) \)
which are each separately comprised of elements \( [0..w) \). Trailing vectors
```

Isn't it the above?

A prvalue of type "\textit{cv1} \texttt{T}" can be converted to a prvalue of type
"\textit{cv2} \texttt{T}" if type "\textit{cv2} \texttt{T}" is more cv-qualified
than "\textit{cv1} \texttt{T}".

\Sec{Conversion Rank}{Conv.rank}

\p Every integer and floating point type have defined conversion ranks.
A \textit{promotion} is any conversion of a value from a lower conversion rank
to a higher conversion rank.

\Sub{Integer Conversion Rank}{Conv.rank.int}

\begin{itemize}
  \item  No two signed integer types shall have the same conversion rank even if
  they have the same representation.
  \item The rank of a signed integer type shall be greater than the rank of any

>   signed integer type with a smaller size.

Reviewer 2: curious:  What size does bool come out to be?

>   signed integer type with a smaller size.

Author: Ooo... This is another area I haven't yet specified, but need to. I'll create another PR to cover that, I filed #195 to track it.

The short version of the answer is that HLSL has 16, 32, and 64-bit integer types and `bool`. `bool` is 32-bit... although we allow packing a `vector<bool,N>` into a vector of `i1` values because `bool` is defined to only be `true` or `false`, so any value other than 0 or 1 is undefined.

I'll write up that spec 😁
